Guided Project: Taken from Mavenan Analytics site

Link: 
https://app.mavenanalytics.io/guided-projects/61b849e4-ba74-4ba3-a9ee-19af7fadaf26#dataset

Main Tools: Power BI 

Stages:


Objective 1: Prepare data for modeling
	Your first objective is to explore the data using profiling and QA techniques to understand the raw data and add columns needed for data modeling.
	
Task
	Explore and QA the data, and ensure that column headers and data types are accurate
	Add columns to the Customer Loyalty History table to calculate the enrollment start of month and cancellation start of month
	Add a column to Customer Flight Activity to calculate the flight booked start of the month
	Add a binary column to Customer Loyalty History to flag if a customer has canceled


Objective 2: Model and enhance data for analysis
	Your second objective is to create a proper data model, following data modeling best practices, and enhance the model by adding measures to prepare for visualization 	and analysis.

Task
	Build a data model to connect the Calendar, Customer Loyalty History and Customer Flight Activity tables all the “start of month” fields
	Create DAX measures to calculate total enrollments (based on loyalty number) and total flights booked (based on flight activity). BONUS: Create a measures table!
	Create measures to calculate total cancellations and net loyalty members (new – canceled)
	Create a measure to calculate the running total of net loyalty members over time
	Create measures to calculate flights booked by loyalty members (based on start of month) and flights booked by loyalty members the previous year


Objective 3: Analyze loyalty program
	Your final objective is to build three different visualizations and answer key questions about Northern Light Air loyalty customers.
	Complete

Task
	Insert line charts to show total enrollments and cancellations by month. What patterns or trends do you notice?
	Insert column charts to show net loyalty members and the running total of net loyalty members by month. BONUS: Add a date hierarchy to show a yearly or quarterly 		view.
	Insert a line chart to show loyalty member flights booked for the current and previous year, trended by month. Adjust layout & formatting for clarity.
	Insert a stacked column chart to show loyalty member flights booked by enrollment type, trended by month, and add a slicer to filter the page by enrollment type.
		Based on your analysis, how would you summarize the promotion’s impact to NLA leadership, in terms of enrollment volume and loyalty flights booked?

